[Music]
probably presumably in the solo short
and then sexy bimbo with the Phoenix he
plays a pretty mean Phoenix purines
bambo is gonna Icarus dive and pick up
some experiences while her get to but
now comes the honest of family southern
brush fires mysterious well Chris blood
eric gets caught out I mean needless
learn crusty honest bank uses it just
for a celebration up with that top yeah
they just wave did you get maybe they
just help to finish Roche not that it's
better it's as shit I was gonna die
anyways chaotic offer he could go he has
aa bee / now it is that a man afore he
actually just left my sure what the dry
unfortunately Fisher comes in can they
get the Omni / off magic missile horse
by going in they take down Michael
you're from zero mad oh they get down to
you slow coming out the upheaval going
to work Paris doesn't have enough mana
to omni / waitresses got to go there's
the grave mag get swapped out the
supernova on the back side though odds
getting some killers but goes a bit too
soon he really wants to sabotage and
it's going to go on to two heroes the
oldest of vanity can't get the kill on
suits gonna fall I get to the finger on
foot them played though comes out just
in time Erykah to double kill on the
back side unknown are in some trouble
bambo and Paris there all alone people
now the jig pops his basket man is blink
comes in saloon crush not enough mana to
use it he has his ultimate it's on top
of the junk he could try to get a bash
to sprint look at the speedy speedy
chase but here comes bimbo dtp back he's
gonna earn up on Jana spin this Paris is
actually just dead it's gonna screw to
him and that's gonna be hit the onus of
fan is getting kind of low bash might be
there for bambo Lambo is sick charge he
already used it he's gonna go separately
but here comes my control takes down one
era actually it's a triple battle treads
he gets the bash double kill for my
control
not done echo comes in and I even see
eight mother he just gets decimated oh
boy I think that could've been played a
lot better refuses to use ami / instead
they just back up a business to crush
shadow is gonna go graven might be used
a bit early swap out we've goes can't
grieve him yet how many / she's got to
jump in he's not really getting the
bounces to work his way that it just
don't real damage and now they just pop
off the eggs holt and oh no why was that
flying out the courier with the thousand
net worth and Matt actually dies also
and they lose on top of that I don't
know where this happened with me only
got obliterated minute looks like
Hanukkah came with the finger of death
yeah radiance middle tower and I don't
know and he didn't activate the mama
foil so something so his damage is
significantly lower without that's the
whole reason why you go over that build
up sexy BAM boat dies of course the
right clicks of Johnson fan too so this
is falling apart here for four unknown
they're gonna smoke and maybe head right
into Roche that's unfortunate it's
actually about to spawn like right now
up and oh no they're gonna get there and
it's not going to be up Matt's gonna
check in oh they run into the enemy's
smoke team they know that they're hoskin
blinks it and that is in trouble so
Luther crush my co Omni / coming up they
will get she okayed the supernova going
is well hasta damn plug out or a spike
but now the golem drops in Paris is so
low he's dead the mask of madness
obliterates him eight mother getting
focused down he'll fall haunts getting
getting low as well now the PKB for Yoda
cêpan Hoskins get it out of the spirits
but here comes era you notice a fan the
cleanup crew is ready to go in my
control trying to man up the sunray that
is not going to be enough the metse
style goes but it is a dead troll
warlord and era is actually gonna chase
out bambo swim across him he's dead
heading to roche finish it off all five
dead ni p with a big fight report back
in a moment Yoda Savannah's 4.5 k gold
put he connects um a seat yeah like
slaughter us eight mother's gonna get
jumped on the east gippsland
matt is all right that's fine they get
the kill oles madis pop up this group is
getting chased down by three years he's
just gonna die cuz I one for one trade
DD Scotty he's scary that goes after
though realizing all the abilities that
have been expended I was still kid oh I
just I don't know about that one I'm
sure that was a little hairs talk tower
he's feeling its mortality well there is
an assault craft fully onto the starter
sexy bambos being pursued by era who has
that Scotty that looks so cool by the
way he's taking a ton of damage he's
just gonna die okay mommy / okay go dt
you said it's on cooldown alright any
vision eight mother pops the old spit
and the upheaval right after and the
spit is just doing a bit but it's not
enough he needs to leave and he's just
gonna die no he gets the army / off and
he might get hot skin no whore the
bounce the bounces aren't real error
will you to sign ups as well they'll
chase after one Michaels was able to get
away from that and the jug is getting
some good farm but just I'd there so
yeah he's going butterfly as the
talisman invasion not a bad choice you
notice again getting jumped on they
could echo but there's the vkb they
wanted to force set up first Wow three
hits and he's below he's pretty much
hazed a young fan is gonna get no he's
fine hey Chris dive went and spirits
came but they were a bit too early as
two became you're still going top boy in
battle trans era is going to work
Scotty's up my control magic missile
he's tanky is not that tanky hmm and the
creepers actually he's eating his way
through that mysterious by kitty suppose
you could try it only just called by the
answer first time I've heard that in a
while no probably go for the co2 tower
in the top plane they also have see they
just sent it out to him right now and he
actually has it off cooldown at 12
seconds Naomi's got a coming in Fisher
randomly now middling they're actually
looking for matt is he dead Julie
absolutely correct and now I gotta head
down bottom for the chick you swap in
and they owe me the upheaval the finger
of death to magic missile wave of Terror
the Earth's fly and they all combined it
up to get the kill they're also looking
for Paris they jump into very quick
reaction for the blade fury that's him
just like and it goes damage to imagine
if eight mother when I talked about
these negative armor and how much damage
doesn't match the
a favorite bonds off to before all that
like they're just all gonna die slaves
just over far the street oh they're
going to open number one number two in
Paris is just dead and he has no buyback
mad get sexed up and this is going to be
a basically unknown new trips enjoyed a
bit 3d is pretty much over at this point
triple kill / 8 mother they're going to
finish off this history tower they buy
back on troll yes but they cannot fight
into these huge golems bail be getting
right-click by ona spanish still trust
the minus armors real ultra kill for a
mother rexes haven't even fallen yet but
there is the GG from fucking mad and ni
p off the back in a noticing fan and
eight mother yet again and they provide
with some glorious entertainment and
really well played dota man this warlock
with a negative armor is actually really
scary and we still showing you that
these a sting department register
honestly stop that man it does a lot of
damage as long as they have the stunts
to back it up so they can actually keep
heroes in place it's it's very very
impressive so nice strap from nip nicely
played from as you mentioned eight
mother and jonah some fan you wanted
some time playing this larder i think
they